List of parameters usable in all generic goals:

buildingtag (string (case-insensitive)):
Tag a building must have for action to be possible. If absent, then the villager's house is used.

requiredtag (string (case-insensitive)):
Extra tag required for the destination to be valid.

townhallgoal (boolean):
If true, this goal happens in the central building.
Default value: false

priority (integer value):
The goal's priority. The higher it is the more likely villagers will pick it.
Default value: 50

priorityrandom (integer value):
A random value between 0 and this to add to the goal's priority.
Default value: 10

duration (milliseconds):
Duration in ms of the action.
Default value: 5000

sentencekey (string (case-insensitive)):
Specify if the sentences for this goal is not the name of the goal itself.

labelkey (string (case-insensitive)):
Specify if the label for this goal is not the name of the goal itself.

helditems (list of items: 'chickenmeat,chickenmeatcooked'):
Items held by the villager, including when traveling.

helditemsoffhand (list of items: 'chickenmeat,chickenmeatcooked'):
Items held by the villager in his off hand, including when traveling.

helditemsdestination (list of items: 'chickenmeat,chickenmeatcooked'):
Items held by the villager, at destination only.

helditemsoffhanddestination (list of items: 'chickenmeat,chickenmeatcooked'):
Items held by the villager in his off hand, at destination only.

sound (string (case-insensitive)):
Sound to play when the goal is performed (metal, wool...).

allowrandommoves (boolean):
If true, the villager can move 'randomly' after reaching the destination.
Default value: false

reoccurdelay (milliseconds):
Duration in ms before the action can reoccur.
Default value: 5000

holdweapons (boolean):
If true, the villager will hold his best weapon while doing this goal.
Default value: false

lookatgoal (boolean):
Whether the villager should look at the goal's destination. True or false by default depending on the generic goal.
Default value: false

range (integer value):
Range from destination from which the goal is doable.
Default value: 3

leasure (boolean):
If true, this is a leisure activity that can be interrupted by other goals.
Default value: false

sprint (boolean):
If true, villagers performing this goal will move faster than normal.
Default value: true

tag (string (case-insensitive, multiple parameters possible)):
A tag to use when referring to the goal elsewhere, such as in generic visit targeting. Has no effects on the goal itself.

buildinglimit (item and number: 'bone,8'):
If more than that number of item is present in the building, stop goal.

townhalllimit (item and number: 'bone,8'):
If more than that number of item is present in the town hall, stop goal.

villagelimit (item and number: 'bone,8'):
If more than that number of item is present in the village, stop goal.

maxsimultaneousinbuilding (integer value):
No more than X villagers doing this goal in the same building at the same time.
Default value: 0

maxsimultaneoustotal (integer value):
No more than X villagers doing this goal at the same time.
Default value: 0

itemsbalance (pair of items: 'stone,sand'):
Pair of items whose quantity to balance in the TH. If there are more of the second than the first, the goal won't trigger.

minimumhour (integer value):
Time of the day before which the goal can't be taken, in ticks (6000 for noon for example).

maximumhour (integer value):
Time of the day after which the goal can't be taken, in ticks (6000 for noon for example).

travelbookshow (boolean):
Whether this goal should get displayed in a villager's travel book sheet. True or false by default depending on the goal type.

icon (item (from itemlist.txt)):
Name of a good whose icon represents this goal.

floatingicon (item (from itemlist.txt)):
Name of a good whose icon will float above the villager's head when performing this goal. Use only for goals significant for the player.


