List of hard-coded goals in Millénaire.

becomeadult: Move to a house with an empty 'job' and become adult. Only valid for fully grown children.

bepujaperformer: Go to the temple to be available for pujas or sacrifices.

beseller: Go and sell to the player.

breed: Breed animals at the villager's house, of types decided by tags like 'cattle', 'pig' etc tags.

brewpotions: Brew alchemical potions from nether warts. Currently broken.

bringbackresourceshome: Brings resources home from the villager's inventory. Typically used to bring back resources produced by mining, crafting etc.

buildpath: Build village paths.

chat: Make the villager meet a villager looking for someone to chat, to initiate a dialog

choptrees: Go chop trees in a grove.

clearoldpath: Clear an old path.

construction: Build a building

defendvillage: Defend the village when attacked in a raid.

delivergoodshousehold: Deliver to the villager's house goods required by the household, like food or crafting inputs. Paired with getgoodshousehold.

deliverresourcesshop: Deliver resources to a shop from the villager's inventory. Paired with gethousethresources that picks them up.

drybrick: Go and dry bricks in a building with the kiln tag.

fish: Fish from fishing holes at home, bringing in standard fish.

fishinuit: Extension of basic fishing goal that also brings in bone block.

gatherbrick: Pick up dried bricks from a kiln.

gathergoods: Gather items around the villager, if they are of a type declared for that villager. For example, saplings for lumbermen.

gathersilk: Gather ripe silk from a silk block.

gathersnails: Gather snails from a snail soil block to make purple dye.

getgoodshousehold: Gets goods required by the household (food, inputs for crafting...) from the TH or shops and loads them in the inventory. Paired with delivergoodshousehold, which delivers them.

gethousethresources: Takes items from the villager's house or the town hall that are needed in a shop. Paired with deliverresourcesshop that delivers them.

getitemtokeep: Go and get an item from a shop to keep in the villager's inventory. Typically a tool, or a new cloth in some cultures.

getresourcesforbuild: Pick up the resources needed for a construction from the TH. Builders should have this.

gorest: Makes the villager 'rest' at home. Has a priority of 0 and is there to ensure there is always something to do.

gosocialise: Makes villagers go to buildings with the leisure tag, so they can meet people to chat with.

harvestcocoa: Goal that harvests ripe cacao.

harvestsugarcane: Gather sugar cane from a building with the sugar cane plantation tag.

harvestwarts: Harvest grown nether warts froom home.

hide: Makes villagers hide in the town hall during a raid.

huntmonster: Seek out mobs around the village and attack them.

keepstall: For market merchants, hold their stalls so the player can trade with them.

mining: Go and mine rocks etc at the villager's house.

performpujas: Perform a puja or a Maya sacrifice.

plantcocoa: Plant cacao seeds at home.

plantsaplings: Go plant saplings in a grove.

plantsugarcane: Plant sugarcane in a building with the sugar cane plantation tag.

plantwarts: Plant nether warts at home (for free).

raidvillage: Goal for village raiders, active when in the target village.

shearsheep: Sheer sheeps present around the villager's house.

sleep: Go to sleep at home at night. This goal is auto-added to all villagers.

visitbuilding: For local merchants, pick up goods from village shops for exports and drop off goods brought from other villages.

visitinn: For local merchants, drop off picked up goods at the Inn for export and take goods for import.

