travelbook.culture.desc=The Inuit are a hardy and resourceful people, capable of surviving in some of the harshest of environments. They thank the spirits for their blessings of warm fires and delicious meats that keep them going strong out in the frozen wastes.
travelbook.villager.inuit_boy.desc=Everybody helps in Inuit villages, this young boy does what he can to aid the survival of his people. He knows if he doesn't then everyone could die.
travelbook.villager.inuit_carver.desc=The carver's skilled hands have been trained to carve exquisite items of bone and stone.
travelbook.villager.inuit_chef.desc=Inuit are able to take any part of an animal and transform it into something edible, just don't look at their food too closely.
travelbook.villager.inuit_farmer.desc=Harvesting food from the ground is unusual for the Inuit, but not unheard of.
travelbook.villager.inuit_fisherman.desc=When not hunting animals of the land they hunt animals of the sea, the Inuit people enjoy both fishing and eating fish.
travelbook.villager.inuit_girl.desc=Everybody helps in Inuit villages, this young girl does what she can to aid the survival of her people. She knows if she doesn't then everyone could die.
travelbook.villager.inuit_hunter.desc=Hunters venture out in the frozen tundra to bring back delicious meat to share with their community. Meat brings strength.
travelbook.villager.inuit_husband.desc=Many Inuit villagers will take on various roles like construction, goods transportation, and other small tasks in order to keep their community alive.
travelbook.villager.inuit_localmerchant.desc=This local merchant wanders the wilderness hoping to find people with which to trade his wares for things his village needs to survive.
travelbook.villager.inuit_lonecarver.desc=This lost carver decided to make the best of their situation and work on their skills alone.
travelbook.villager.inuit_lonefisherman.desc=This lost fisherman has made a home upon a lake that is plentiful in food.
travelbook.villager.inuit_lonehunter.desc=Hunts can last for weeks or even more. Hunters often take shelter in snow igloos during their hunt.
travelbook.villager.inuit_lonehunter2.desc=The great peril of our existence lies in the fact that our diet consists entirely of souls.
travelbook.villager.inuit_lonelumberman.desc=This lost lumberman keeps his mind on his work and with that he has built himself an amazing home.
travelbook.villager.inuit_loneshaman.desc=This shaman has left his village to commune with the spirits of this new world.
travelbook.villager.inuit_lumberman.desc=This lumberman chops trees so that his village may be equipped with enough firewood and materials to survive out in the cold.
travelbook.villager.inuit_madman.desc=Murderers, thieves, and other criminals deemed unfit for Inuit life and thus, ousted from the village and forced to live on their own.
travelbook.villager.inuit_madman2.desc=Murderers, thieves, and other criminals deemed unfit for Inuit life and thus, ousted from the village and forced to live on their own.
travelbook.villager.inuit_merchant_armorer.desc=This special inuit merchant trades his weapon and armor goods for the betterment of his home community.
travelbook.villager.inuit_merchant_building.desc=This merchant sells building materials such as ice, snow, and sod to folks who like building houses that scream, "I wish I was as cool as the Inuit."
travelbook.villager.inuit_merchant_hunter.desc=This merchant sells the excess animal goods he acquires from his weeklong hunting excursions.
travelbook.villager.inuit_oldlady.desc=This old lady let those more likely to survive have most of her share of food and a home in these dire times, all she can contribute nowadays is her wisdom.
travelbook.villager.inuit_sanduitdaughter.desc=While researching ender pearls, these Sanduits were accidentally teleported far away from their village and decided to settle down on this nice and warm location.
travelbook.villager.inuit_sanduithusband.desc=While researching ender pearls, these Sanduits were accidentally teleported far away from their village and decided to settle down on this nice and warm location.
travelbook.villager.inuit_sanduitson.desc=While researching ender pearls, these Sanduits were accidentally teleported far away from their village and decided to settle down on this nice and warm location.
travelbook.villager.inuit_sanduitwife.desc=While researching ender pearls, these Sanduits were accidentally teleported far away from their village and decided to settle down on this nice and warm location.
travelbook.villager.inuit_shaman.desc=This Inuit is able to commune with spirits, he is the religious leader of his village and is trying his best to commune with the spirits of this new world.
travelbook.villager.inuit_shaman0.desc=This Inuit is able to commune with spirits, he is the religious leader of his village and is trying his best to commune with the spirits of this new world.
travelbook.villager.inuit_smith.desc=This Inuit armorer crafts weapons and armor to help the community survive in a frozen environment.
travelbook.villager.inuit_sodder.desc=This Inuit gathers and packs sod into planks in order to help keep Inuit housing nice and warm.
travelbook.villager.inuit_tanner.desc=Tanners are the Inuit skilled in preserving and preparing hides for both decorative and practical needs.
travelbook.villager.inuit_wife.desc=Many Inuit villagers will take on various roles like construction, goods transportation, and other small tasks in order to keep their community alive.
travelbook.villager.merchant_viking.desc=A merchant from a far away land. He left his home in Denmark to wander the wilds and pursue a career in dealing magical artifacts to those with enough denier.
travelbook.village.artisanalvillage.desc=This Inuit village focuses on producing special Inuit items and goods.
travelbook.village.community_farminghamlet.desc=This small Inuit community focuses on producing farmed foods.
travelbook.village.community_religioushamlet.desc=This small Inuit community focuses on their spiritual needs.
travelbook.village.communityvillage.desc=This large Inuit village focuses on all aspects of life and thrives at it.
travelbook.village.huntingvillage.desc=This Inuit village focuses on hunting, meat is strength.
travelbook.village.huntingvillage_controlled.desc=This Inuit village is owned and run by a player who earned the trust of the Inuit people.
travelbook.village.religiousvillage.desc=This Inuit village focuses on their spiritual needs.
travelbook.building.animistic.desc=A special building for the Shaman to commune with and appease helpful spirits.
travelbook.building.armourerhouse.desc=A home for the Inuit craftsman who specialize in weapons and armor.
travelbook.building.armoury.desc=The workshop of the Inuit craftsman who specializes in weapons and armor.
travelbook.building.banditshack.desc=A poor excuse for a hovel built by poor excuses for Inuit who were forced into exile for taking more than their fair share, not caring about the good of the community, or accidental murder.
travelbook.building.bison.desc=A field where cows like to roam.
travelbook.building.carver.desc=The house of the carver, where she makes her carvings and cauldrons.
travelbook.building.council.desc=The main building of a large Inuit village that focuses on all aspects of life and thrives at it.
travelbook.building.farmp.desc=A farm for growing potatoes.
travelbook.building.farmw.desc=A farm for growing wheat.
travelbook.building.foodpreparer.desc=A place for the Inuit food preparer to create her delicious, yet questionable, dishes.
travelbook.building.foodprephouse.desc=A home for the Inuit food preparer.
travelbook.building.grove.desc=This grove is perhaps one of the few places the Inuit can get trees to grow.
travelbook.building.guesthouse.desc=Inuit have impeccable hospitality, visitors should be sure to help the community while visiting in some way though.
travelbook.building.hunter.desc=A home for hunters, some hunters will breed dogs to aid in the hunt.
travelbook.building.hunterex.desc=A home for hunters.
travelbook.building.inuksuit.desc=A stone man used in Inuit hunts in order to scare prey towards the hunters.
travelbook.building.lake.desc=This lake is teaming with fish just waiting to be harvested by a skillful fisherman.
travelbook.building.lake2.desc=This lake is teaming with fish just waiting to be harvested by a skillful fisherman.
travelbook.building.lake_A_fisherman.desc=Fish is plentiful here and the fishermen who lives here enjoys fishing a lot. Sometimes they even catch whale!
travelbook.building.loneanimistic.desc=A special building for a Shaman to commune with and appease helpful spirits.
travelbook.building.loneanishaman.desc=A special building for a Shaman to commune with and appease helpful spirits. The Shamans here have left their village to better commune with these new spirits.
travelbook.building.loneartisan.desc=Due to the Inuit residing focusing so much on their craft, this home is masterful and well decorated.
travelbook.building.lonedisiglu.desc=An old snow igloo in disarray that may have once been used by Inuit hunters during a hunt or just some random Inuit.
travelbook.building.lonedisiglu2.desc=An old snow igloo in disarray that may have once been used by Inuit hunters during a hunt or just some random Inuit.
travelbook.building.lonedislogcabin.desc=An old log cabin in disarray that appears to have once been used by Inuit in the past.
travelbook.building.lonedislogcabin2.desc=An old log cabin in disarray that appears to have once been used by Inuit in the past.
travelbook.building.lonefisherman.desc=A lake plentiful in fish that a lost Inuit has built a home on.
travelbook.building.loneiglu.desc=Home to lost Inuit who left their village due to being no longer able to help the community.
travelbook.building.loneiglu2.desc=Hunters make temporary homes when hunting. Hunts can last for weeks and weeks.
travelbook.building.lonelogcabin.desc=A nice, solid home that an Inuit artisan has moved into.
travelbook.building.lonelogcabin2.desc=A nice, solid home that an Inuit lumberjack has moved into.
travelbook.building.lonewoodworker.desc=This majestic house is home to a lost Inuit woodworker.
travelbook.building.lumberman.desc=Home of the lumberman, this Inuit seeks out and regrows trees. In the frozen tundra trees are usually hard to come by.
travelbook.building.market.desc=In this new world Inuit have found merchants, people wanting to trade wares for coin, this building has been designated for them.
travelbook.building.offering.desc=This animistic offering circle also functions as the Inuit archives, showing the locations and tasks of all villagers.
travelbook.building.offering1.desc=This animistic offering circle also functions as the Inuit archives, showing the locations and tasks of all villagers.
travelbook.building.offering2.desc=This animistic offering circle also functions as the Inuit archives, showing the locations and tasks of all villagers.
travelbook.building.player_tannery.desc=The center of an Inuit village run by a trusted player.
travelbook.building.playercampsite.desc=A simple animistic offering circle for the player to use as a campsite or to tear down and build something else.
travelbook.building.playeriglu.desc=A simple shelter with basic amenities to get the player through the night safely or to tear down and build something else.
travelbook.building.playerlargegrove.desc=A simple grove of large size for the player to grow their own trees in or to tear down and build something else.
travelbook.building.playerlargehouse.desc=A large sized house for the player to request built for living in.
travelbook.building.playermedhouse.desc=A medium sized house for the player to request built for living in.
travelbook.building.playersmallhouse.desc=A small sized house for the player to request built for living in.
travelbook.building.polarbearcave.desc=Careful! Polar bears are known to live here!
travelbook.building.sanduit.desc=An igloo built out of sand by some very lost Inuit who decided to settle and start a family.
travelbook.building.shaman.desc=House of the village shaman, adorned with trinkets and fetishes that help him commune with helpful spirits.
travelbook.building.shamanistic.desc=The center of an Inuit religious village, one that stands as an offering to the spirits in order to guarantee success in the unforgiving wilderness.
travelbook.building.sodder.desc=A hole in the ground that the Sodder and his family call home. Where else can you get enough dirt for sod than a hole in the ground?
travelbook.building.tannery.desc=The center of the Inuit hunting village, the Inuit who lives here will tan any leather you give him into useable hide.