travelbook.culture.desc=The Maya villagers speak of a lost Golden Age, but even today their architectural skills impress. They may not master iron, but their stone-working skills are without equals, and they produce a delicious cacao-based drink!
travelbook.villager.lonemayanfarmer.desc=This Maya farmer works hard to sustain his family with his small, isolated farm.
travelbook.villager.lonemayanpeasantwife.desc=Together with her husband, this Maya woman grows crops in their small jungle farm.
travelbook.villager.lonemayanshaman.desc=This Maya shaman has chosen to live in the jungle in order to better study the natural world.
travelbook.villager.lonemayanshamanwife.desc=This Maya woman works with her Shaman husband in the jungle.
travelbook.villager.mayan_armysmith.desc=Able to make equipment in a pinch, this villager can turn stone and leather into swords and armor.
travelbook.villager.mayan_boy.desc=He will be a great warrior someday, even if he has some growing up to do first.
travelbook.villager.mayan_chickenfarmer.desc=While the Maya normally ate turkeys, chickens are similar enough for this Maya to do his job of providing meat for the village.
travelbook.villager.mayan_chieftain.desc=Leader of a Maya military village, the Chieftain does his best to ensure the safety of his village in this hostile and bizarre world.
travelbook.villager.mayan_cocoafarmer.desc=Cocoa was an extremely important commodity to the Maya, and this man has dedicated his life to the growing and harvesting of these special beans.
travelbook.villager.mayan_crafter.desc=A village requires tools, and this Maya villager has the skill to craft a variety of stone tools for the village.
travelbook.villager.mayan_farmer.desc=This villager is tasked with the important job of managing the village's maize field so his fellow villagers don't starve.
travelbook.villager.mayan_girl.desc=This girl will grow up into a valuable asset in her community some day.
travelbook.villager.mayan_king.desc=Leader of the Maya agricultural village. This king's kingdom might not be vast, but that doesn't mean that his power isn't absolute.
travelbook.villager.mayan_leader.desc=Leader of the Maya religious village, this ruler does his best to keep his people in the favor of the gods.
travelbook.villager.mayan_lumberman.desc=While not as important to the Maya as stone, this lumberman still has the important job of chopping trees and providing firewood. How else with the villagers cook stone?
travelbook.villager.mayan_merchant.desc=The Maya way of life rested upon trade between city-states, and these villages are no exception. This man travels the world in search of new goods to help his village.
travelbook.villager.mayan_miner.desc=The Maya miner spends his days artfully extracting an almost impossible amount of stone from a tiny hole in the ground.
travelbook.villager.mayan_obsidiancrafter.desc=Not many can work obsidian as well as this guy, and he puts his skills to good use by crafting obsidian tools and leather armor.
travelbook.villager.mayan_peasant.desc=While they might be peasants, they are the lifeblood of the village. Someone has to build the buildings and tend the crops.
travelbook.villager.mayan_peasantwife.desc=While they might be peasants, they are the lifeblood of the village. Someone has to build the buildings and tend the crops.
travelbook.villager.mayan_richwoman.desc=The wealthy and elite wife of the village leader. She spends her time showing off her jewelry and gossiping with other women.
travelbook.villager.mayan_sculptor.desc=The Maya recorded their history and events with stone carvings, and this man has been trained to carve stone into an image that will last centuries.
travelbook.villager.mayan_shaman.desc=The primary link between the gods and the people. The shaman does his best to ensure a bountiful harvest and protection for the village through offerings and sacrifices.
travelbook.villager.mayan_shamanwife.desc=The wife of the village shaman, she assists him with his attempts to appease the gods.
travelbook.villager.mayan_warrior.desc=This brave warrior is entrusted with the safety of the village, and he'll stop at nothing to keep his village secure, even if it means keeping opposing villages in line.
travelbook.villager.mayanbanditboy.desc=The worthless son of a bandit. His family might have had a good reason for turning to banditry, but nothing has been established at this point.
travelbook.villager.mayanbanditwarrior.desc=A member of an opposing city state back on Earth, this bandit works to topple the current Maya majority in this land.
travelbook.villager.mayanfemalebandit.desc=This woman bandit is just as violent and lawless as her male peers.
travelbook.villager.merchant_mayanfarmer.desc=This Maya merchant sells a wide array of foods, including delicious maize, wah, and masa.
travelbook.villager.merchant_mayanhunter.desc=This merchant shows off his stores of animal goods and weapons, in order to help his customers survive in this world.
travelbook.villager.merchant_mayanshaman.desc=This wandering shaman sells goods from slain monsters, crucial for offerings to the gods.
travelbook.village.agriculture.desc=Based around a Sacred Ball Court, this Maya village is focused around agriculture and the production of unique Maya foods to feed the king.
travelbook.village.mayan_controlled.desc=A village owned by a player who has earned the trust of the Maya people.
travelbook.village.mayan_customcontrolled.desc=A village owned by a player who has earned the trust of the Maya people, but has asked for room for a little more creativity.
travelbook.village.military.desc=Surrounding a mighty Pyramid, this Maya village is focused around warfare and the production of unique Maya weapons and armor for the defense against opposing villages.
travelbook.village.religious.desc=With a great Observatory at its center, this Maya village specializes in trade and the creation of items and decorations to appease the gods.
travelbook.building.gifthouse.desc=Complete with a cake, this little house rewards players that contributed to Millénaire.
travelbook.building.lonemayancave.desc=This strange abandoned Maya structure must have been used for rituals of some kinds.
travelbook.building.lonemayancornfarm.desc=This old Maya corn farm was lost to the jungle long ago.
travelbook.building.lonemayanfarm.desc=A lonely Maya farm, where a couple of farmers grow maize.
travelbook.building.lonemayanmining.desc=The jungle has reclaimed this former Maya mine.
travelbook.building.lonemayanpyramid.desc=Nobody remember which Maya King ordered the construction of this massive pyramid in the jungle.
travelbook.building.lonemayanruin.desc=It is no longer possible to even know the purpose of this Maya building, long ago reclaimed by the jungle.
travelbook.building.lonemayanshaman.desc=This fancy-looking shelter was built for a shaman by a grateful Maya king.
travelbook.building.mayanacropolis.desc=This Sacred Ball Court is the location of the sacred Maya ballgame, a sportive event dedicated to their Gods.
travelbook.building.mayanalter.desc=This is where the village shaman comes to perform his sacrifices to the gods.
travelbook.building.mayanarmyforge.desc=Center for all things military, this building is the workshop of the village smithy.
travelbook.building.mayanbakery.desc=Necessary for the creation of unique Maya foods, such as wah or masa.
travelbook.building.mayanballcourt.desc=The Maya ball courts were often used for a special ball game which also doubled as a show for the gods.
travelbook.building.mayanbandithome.desc=This fortified dwelling hosts a dangerous bandit family.
travelbook.building.mayanbandits.desc=A hideout for Maya bandits.
travelbook.building.mayanbigwell.desc=This well helps increase crop harvests in the village.
travelbook.building.mayancacaofarm.desc=Cocoa was a very important part of Maya life, and this is where it is grown.
travelbook.building.mayancalendar.desc=This large Maya stone calendar documents the many cycles time goes through.
travelbook.building.mayancistern.desc=This cistern greatly improves the amount of crops harvested in a village.
travelbook.building.mayancornfarm.desc=Cocoa and maize were the staples of Maya crops, and this is where the latter is grown.
travelbook.building.mayancrafter.desc=The workshop of the crafter, this place sells stone tools and gold ornaments.
travelbook.building.mayangrove.desc=This is the village grove, where tropical trees are grown.
travelbook.building.mayanguard.desc=This house is the home of a Maya soldier, sworn to defend his village.
travelbook.building.mayanhouse.desc=Small but study houses like this provide homes to Maya peasants.
travelbook.building.mayaninn.desc=This Maya inn provides room and board to merchants visiting from nearby villages.
travelbook.building.mayanlargepeasanthouse.desc=This unusually large peasant house can host two families.
travelbook.building.mayanlargepeasanthouse2.desc=This unusually large peasant house can host two families.
travelbook.building.mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A_secondary.desc=This small housing is attached to another peasant house.
travelbook.building.mayanlargepeasanthouse_A_secondary.desc=This small housing is attached to another peasant house.
travelbook.building.mayanlibrary.desc=A Maya library, with records of all the villagers' occupations.
travelbook.building.mayanlumber.desc=A little house occupied by the village lumberman.
travelbook.building.mayanmarket.desc=This fancy market hosts merchants from far away.
travelbook.building.mayanmining.desc=It's in mines such as this that the Maya produce the endless quantities of stone their architecture requires.
travelbook.building.mayanobservatory.desc=A Maya observatory, used to observe the night sky and predict future events.
travelbook.building.mayanobsidiancrafter.desc=The house of a skilled artisan, specialised in crafting obsidian.
travelbook.building.mayanplayerestate.desc=A massive fortified estate suitable for the richest of players.
travelbook.building.mayanplayerhugefield.desc=A massive field suitable for building an impressive pyramid.
travelbook.building.mayanplayerlargefield.desc=A large field where to build a decent-looking pyramid.
travelbook.building.mayanplayerlargehouse.desc=A large and solid house for a well-off player.
travelbook.building.mayanplayerpyramid.desc=An impressive pyramid from which to rule a controlled village.
travelbook.building.mayanplayersmallfield.desc=A small field suitable for a small pyramid, barely a mound.
travelbook.building.mayanplayersmallhouse.desc=A modest Maya house suitable for a starting player.
travelbook.building.mayanpyramid.desc=A massive pyramid built in honour of a Maya God, around which a religious village clusters.
travelbook.building.mayanruinedpyramid.desc=This broken-down pyramid still impresses even in its ruined state.
travelbook.building.mayansculptorhouse.desc=The home of the Maya sculptor, in which he carves striking statues of Maya gods.
travelbook.building.mayanshamangrounds.desc=The strange open-air dwelling of the Maya shaman.
travelbook.building.mayansheepchickenfarm.desc=A little village farm, where chickens are raised for their meat.
travelbook.building.mayanshrine.desc=A little shrine dedicated to a local God.
travelbook.building.mayantemple.desc=A massive temple dedicated to the patron God of the village.
travelbook.building.mayanwatchtower.desc=A fortified watchtower from which to monitor enemy city-states.
travelbook.building.mayanwell.desc=A deep well from which to get the water to grow maize.
travelbook.trade_good.dye_brown.desc=Lesser cultures might see this as a brown dye, but it is so much more to the Maya: the main ingredient for the sacred Cacauhaa drink.