List of valid parameters for building files that applies for the entire building with the 'building.' prefix.

length (integer value):
Length of the building. In the PNG file, this is the picture's height.

width (integer value):
Width of the building. In the PNG file, this is the width of every floor in the picture.

areatoclear (integer value):
Area to clear around the building.
Default value: 5

areatoclearlengthbefore (integer value):
Area to clear around the building on the length axis before the building. If set to -1 (default), the areaToClear value will be used.
Default value: -1

areatoclearlengthafter (integer value):
Area to clear around the building on the length axis after the building. If set to -1 (default), the areaToClear value will be used.
Default value: -1

areatoclearwidthbefore (integer value):
Area to clear around the building on the width axis before the building. If set to -1 (default), the areaToClear value will be used.
Default value: -1

areatoclearwidthafter (integer value):
Area to clear around the building on the width axis after the building. If set to -1 (default), the areaToClear value will be used.
Default value: -1

buildingorientation (integer value):
Orientation of the building within the plan. 1 means the building 'faces' to the left of the PNG file.
Default value: 1

altitudeoffset (integer value):
Amount by which this building should be raised or lowered compared to the "ground level".
Default value: 0

foundationdepth (integer value):
How deep the foundations of the building should be.
Default value: 10

fixedorientation (A direction, such as 'east' or 'north'):
A fixed direction the building will be oriented to face (instead of facing the town hall like normal).

icon (item (from itemlist.txt)):
Name of a good whose icon represents this building.

travelbook_category (string (case-insensitive)):
Category in the Travel Book to appear in.

travelbook_display (boolean):
Whether to display this building in the Travel Book.
Default value: true

startingsubbuilding (string (multiple parameters possible)):
Sub-buildings generated when this building is spawned.

issubbuilding (boolean):
Whether this is a sub-building.
Default value: false

parentbuildingplan (string (case-insensitive)):
Optional parent plan (used when importing the sub-building).

version (integer value):
'Version' of the building. Changing this will stop buildings started with a previous version from getting upgraded to the new one.
Default value: 0

max (integer value):
Maximum amount of this building in a village (can be overriden in a village's config).
Default value: 1

mindistance (floating point value):
Minimum distance from the village centre, on a scale of 0 to 1.
Default value: 0.0

maxdistance (floating point value):
Maximum distance from the village centre, on a scale of 0 to 1.
Default value: 1.0

farfromtag (string and integer: 'test,12'):
Must be build at least this distance from any building with the provided tag.

closetotag (string and integer: 'test,12'):
Must be build at least this close to a building with the provided tag.

reputation (integer value):
If non-0, the reputation the player must have to request that this building be built.
Default value: 0

price (integer value):
If non-0, the price the player must pay to request that this building be built.
Default value: 0

isgift (boolean):
Whether the building is a gift house, available to donors.
Default value: false

showtownhallsigns (boolean):
Show townhall-style signs (if this is a town hall). If false, show house signs
Default value: true

startinggood (item, chance, fixed number, maximum bonus number ('leather,0.5,8,8' for between 8 and 16 leather 50% of the time)):
Items to add to the building's chest when generated (used for loot in abandonned lone buildings).

iswallsegment (boolean):
This building is part of the city walls. It will be build by dedicated wall builders.
Default value: false

isborderbuilding (boolean):
This building is a 'border' building, like city walls, but will be built by regular builders.
Default value: false

weight (integer value):
Generation weight. The higher it is, the more chance that this plan will be picked. Only used when there are more than one variation of a building.
Default value: 1

randombrickcolour (Example: 'white;white:50,yellow:40,orange:30' means that white coloured bricks can turn into white, yellow or orange bricks, with weights of 50, 40 and 30 respectively.):
Colours that painted bricks can randomly turn to.


