List of tags for buildings that trigger special features.

archives: Makes the building's tags display the villagers' locations and activities.

autospawnvillagers: Makes the building's inhabitants spawn after the first night.

borderpostsign: Enables the border post type sign.

brickkiln: Makes the building into a valid target for mud brick drying and gathering goals.

cattle: Makes the building a valid target for cow-breeding.

chicken: Makes the building a valid target for chicken-breeding.

despawnallmobs: Makes the building despawn all mobs around it, not just creepers.

fishingspot: Makes the building a valid target for the fishing goal.

grove: Makes the building a valid target for chopping trees and planting saplings, and activates accelerated tree growth.

hof: Makes the building display the Hall of Fame on its signs.

inn: Makes the building into an Inn where local merchants can stay.

leasure: Makes the building into a place where villagers go to chat.

market: Makes the building into a market that hosts foreign merchants.

marvel: Makes the building into a marvel, with specific panel displays

no_upgrade_till_wall_initialized: Stops this upgrade until all wall segments have been built.

nopaths: Stops the construction of paths within this building's limits.

pathnode: Makes the building into a path node, where village paths converge.

pigs: Makes the building a valid target for pig-breeding.

pujas: Makes the building into a location where pujas can be held.

sacrifices: Makes the building into a location where Maya sacrifices can be held.

scaffoldings: Requires builders to use scaffoldings to reach the proper height to lay blocks instead of doing it at a distance.

sheeps: Makes the building a valid target for sheep-breeding.

silkwormfarm: Makes the building into a valid location for gathering silk.

snailsfarm: Makes the building into a valid location for gathering snails.

sugarplantation: Makes the building into a valid target for planting and harvesting sugar cane.

wall_level: Wall level, for use in the wall panel. Use with a level added like this: wall_level_0, wall_level_1...

