List of valid parameters for building files that applies for a specific upgrade with the 'initial' or 'upgradeX' prefixes.

startlevel (integer value):
Level from the ground where the building plan starts. 0 is just above ground level.
Default value: 0

nativename (string):
Name of the building in the village's language.

translatedname (translated string, with the format: 'fr,ferme'):
Name of the building in a specified language. Used for library buildings.

priority (integer value):
Priority given to this building or upgrade for construction. Adjusted based on whether the building is core, secondary or extra.
Default value: 1

male (A villager type from the current culture. Multiple lines allowed.):
A male villager that will populate this building.

female (A villager type from the current culture. Multiple lines allowed.):
A female villager that will populate this building.

visitor (A villager type from the current culture. Multiple lines allowed.):
A villager type that can temporarily visit this building.

prioritymovein (integer value):
Priority given to this building by teenagers moving in.
Default value: 10

subbuilding (string (multiple parameters possible)):
Sub-building that can be constructed once the building reaches this level.

pathlevel (integer value):
Level of the path connected to this building.
Default value: 0

pathwidth (integer value):
Width of the path to this building.
Default value: 2

rebuildpath (boolean):
Rebuild the path to this building when the upgrade is complete. Use if the layout has changed.
Default value: false

nopathstobuilding (boolean):
This building should not have paths leading to it.
Default value: false

exploretag (string (case-insensitive)):
A tag to give the player when he is near this building. Used in some quests.

requiredglobaltag (string (case-insensitive)):
A global tag that must be set for this building or upgrade to be a valid construction.

tag (string (case-insensitive, multiple parameters possible)):
Tag to apply to the building. Either activates special behaviour (see provided list), or for use in quests, goal references etc.

cleartag (string (case-insensitive, multiple parameters possible)):
Tag to remove from the building.

forbiddentaginvillage (string (case-insensitive, multiple parameters possible)):
A tag that will stop this upgrade from being built if present on any village building. Used for instance to stop wall sections from getting upgraded to level 3 before the whole wall is level2.

requiredtag (string (case-insensitive, multiple parameters possible)):
A tag that must be set on this building for this building or upgrade to be a valid construction.

villagetag (string (case-insensitive, multiple parameters possible)):
A tag that get applied to the village/Town Hall on construction or on upgrade of this plan.

requiredvillagetag (string (case-insensitive, multiple parameters possible)):
A tag that must be set on this village's town hall for this building or upgrade to be a valid construction.

parenttag (string (case-insensitive, multiple parameters possible)):
A tag that get applied to the building's parent building on construction or on upgrade of this plan.

requiredparenttags (string (case-insensitive, multiple parameters possible)):
A tag that must be set on this building's parent building for this building or upgrade to be a valid construction.

irrigation (integer value):
Amount by which the building increases the village's irrigation level, boosting harvests.
Default value: 0

extrasimultaneousconstructions (integer value):
Number of extra construction slots to activate in the village for regular buildings (not walls).
Default value: 0

extrasimultaneouswallconstructions (integer value):
Number of extra construction slots to activate in the village for wall buildings.
Default value: 0

shop (A shop from the current culture.):
The shop file this building uses to trade with the player.

signs (list of integers: '1,2,3'):
Order of the signs in the plan.

abstractedproduction (item and number: 'bone,8'):
An abstracted daily production of a good. Used to calculate marvel donations.


