List of valid parameters for the villager files.

native_name (string):
Name of the villager in the culture's language.

alt_native_name (string):
Alternate name of the villager in the culture's language (used for teens).

alt_key (string (case-insensitive)):
'Key' of the alternate type (used for teens).

icon (item (from itemlist.txt)):
Name of a good whose icon represents this villager type.

travelbook_category (string (case-insensitive)):
Category in the Travel Book to appear in.

travelbook_display (boolean):
Whether to display this villager type in the Travel Book.
Default value: true

travelbook_held_item (item (from itemlist.txt)):
Item to hold in the main hand for the Travel Book pict

travelbook_held_item_off_hand (item (from itemlist.txt)):
Item to hold in the off hand for the Travel Book pict

travelbook_main_culture_villager (boolean):
Whether this villager is the 'headline' villager for the culture (and thus gets a special export).
Default value: false

familynamelist (string (case-insensitive)):
The list to use for this villager's family name.

firstnamelist (string (case-insensitive)):
The list to use for this villager's given name.

villagerconfig (A villager config (from millenaire/villagerconfig).):
The villager config the villager uses, if different from the default.

model (string (case-insensitive)):
Model to use (used to switch women to one of the custom Millénaire female models).

baseheight (floating point value):
The villager's height (1 = two blocks high).
Default value: 1

basespeed (floating point value):
The villager's speed.
Default value: 0.55

gender (A gender, either 'male' or 'female'):
Gender of the villager.

malechild (string (case-insensitive)):
The villager type used to create male offspring from this villager. Set only for women.

femalechild (string (case-insensitive)):
The villager type used to create female offspring from this villager. Set only for women.

texture (string (case-insensitive, multiple parameters possible)):
Texture to use for the villager. If more than one listed, will be picked at random.

clothes (A cloth texture that can be worn when an item is present. The optional second parameter is the layer it will be placed on. ('free,textures/entity/byzanz/male/clothes/byz.miner.1.A.png' or 'free,0,textures/entity/norman/female/clothes/nor_housewife_0.png')):
A cloth the villager can wear. 'free' is free clothes, 'natural' is fixed layers that do not change on picking up updated clothes.

requiredgood (item and number: 'bone,8'):
A good and its quantity the villager requires. For example, inputs for a crafter.

startinginv (item and number: 'bone,8'):
A good and a quantity that will be in the villager's inventory on spawn. For example, a starting stock of seeds.

itemneeded (an item: ('chickenmeat')):
An item the villager needs and will keep in his inventory, like the clothes items for the Byzantines.

toolneededclass (A tool category to require, from: meleeweapons, rangedweapons, armour, pickaxes, axes, shovels and hoes.):
Tools and similar items the villager needs and will go and pick if available.

defaultweapon (item (from itemlist.txt)):
The villager's default weapon, used when no other are available.

goal (Id of a goal ('construction', 'gopray'...)):
Goal a villager can pursue.

bringbackhomegood (an item: ('chickenmeat')):
An item type the villager will bring back home when present in his inventory. Used in particular to bring back goods produced via crafting/mining/harvesting etc.

collectgood (an item: ('chickenmeat')):
An item type the villager will attempt to collect if present around him, like saplings for lumbermen.

baseattackstrength (integer value):
The villager's attack strength.
Default value: 1

experiencegiven (integer value):
The experience quantity given by killing this villager.

health (integer value):
How much health the villager has.
Default value: 30

hiringcost (integer value):
The cost in denier of hiring this villager.

merchantstock (item and number: 'bone,8'):
A good and a quantity that a foreign merchant starts with in order to sell it to the player.

chanceweight (integer value):
The weight given to this villager when picking a villager at random. Used to pick merchants for the market.

tag (string (case-insensitive, multiple parameters possible)):
A tag set for this villager type. Controls various special behaviours.


